vmalert: add command line flag `-notifier.sendTimeout` (#8297)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* SECURITY: upgrade base docker image (Alpine) from 3.21.2 to 3.21.3. See [Alpine 3.21.3 release notes](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.18.12-3.19.7-3.20.6-3.21.3-released.html).

* FEATURE: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and [vmstorage](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/): allow disabling per-day indexes for workloads with [low or zero churn rates](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#index-tuning-for-low-churn-rate) via `-disablePerDayIndex` cmd-line flag. This option works the best for IoT cases and significantly loads resource and disk usage. See [this PR](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6976).

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add command-line flag `-notifier.sendTimeout` to control the timeout for pushing alerts to corresponding `-notified.url`. The flag is set to 10s by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add command-line flag `-notifier.sendTimeout(default 10s)` to allow configuring request timeout when sending alerts to the corresponding `-notified.url`.
```

Author: done
